exclude 'dbotscore' from deletions (#36594)
demisto/content: Packs/CommonScripts/ReleaseNotes/1_15_66.md

#### Scripts

##### DeleteContext

> - Fixed an issue where 'DBotScore' key was not excluded from deletion, causing performance issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where *DBotScore* key was not excluded from deletion.
```
